Adds exclusive ranges to XRANGE/XREVRANGE (#1444)
redis/redis-doc: commands/xrange.md

in a specified time. This is very handy in order to access the history
of past events in a stream.

## Exclusive ranges

> The range is open (inclusive) by default, meaning that the reply can include

Author: ```suggestion
The range is close (inclusive) by default, meaning that the reply can include
```

> The range is open (inclusive) by default, meaning that the reply can include
> entries with IDs matching the query's start and end intervals. It is possible
> to specify an open interval (exclusive) by prefixing the ID with the
> character `(`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The range is open (inclusive) by default, meaning that the reply can includes
entries with IDs matching the query's start and end intervals. It is possible
to specify a closed interval (exclusive) by prefixing the ID with the
character `(`.
```

Author: Oops - thanks.
